#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
autopep8==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babelex
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
cffi==1.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via click
dataclasses==0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
dominate==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wtforms
flask==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-babelex==0.9.4
    # via flask-security
flask-login==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-security
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-security
flask-migrate==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-security
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-security==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.2
    # via flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-security
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
isort==5.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babelex
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
mongoengine==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-mongoengine
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
passlib==1.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-security
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autopep8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pymongo==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mongoengine
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
speaklater==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babelex
sqlalchemy==1.4.46
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
visitor==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
wtforms[email]==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
